I'm Cory this is my first year at Santa
Barbara City College
I'm studying theater and I've been
living with Tropicana for the past two
semesters and loving every bit of it
Santa Barbara City College is an amazing
College actually it was voted number one
in the USA which is why it kind of
dropped me to it in the first place
I chose Olympic Tropicana because I kind
of wanted the full college experience
the whole dorm style living and that was
very very attractive to me once I got
here I just automatically fell in love
my roommate is my best friend in the
whole world it's just everything I could
have asked for to live somewhere for my
first year one of the best parts about
living at Tropicana gardens are the
programs they throw programs such as
Disneyland trips Polar Bear dives into
the ocean movie nights we do football
kickoff night casino night we had a
hypnotist to come to the restaurant and
he hypnotized a bunch of my friends and
it was really funny hi my name is Erica
I'm a Communication Studies major at
Santa Barbara City College
I live at Tropicana Gardens and I've had
a great time here and I've grown
tremendously as an individual one of the
programs that I love is the winter
formal you get to dress up go and dance
they have a DJ of photobooth in
delicious desserts quad whores is a
program that Tropicana Gardens Ras put
on for the residents everyone dresses up
in their quad war colors you do
something like a pool joust and a tug of
war and dodgeball and everyone gets
really pumped Tropicana Gardens is a
great place to live you're almost like
living at a resort the staff are really
good almost every single one of them has
lived at Tropicana Gardens so they know
the experience they know the building
they're very kind you know parents love
the fact that it's so secure here and
there's always an RA on duty and
everyone watch each other's backs and
there's always someone I can talk to you
if I need to absolutely love the
location here I'm so close to the beach
and there's so many restaurants like
free birds and crushcakes and IV drip
you have it all in one area it was the
most awesome transition coming from home
to college when I've had three little
sisters my whole life bugging me now I
get to live with like three of my best
friends
I first came here I fell in love with
the room situation and it's really cool
because you do get the dorm experience
in my suite there are two bedrooms and
one bathroom and I share my bedroom with
one other girl your dorms come fully
furnished you get your bed and you get
your desk so basically you just bring
your clothes and you can move right in
coming here they have a really great
process you basically make a profile and
from there you answer questions and you
get matched with certain people and
that's how I met my roommate at
Tropicana it's really cool because you
only have one payment and you get
everything included you get your meals
you get your Wi-Fi you get your
furnishings and everything twice a month
housekeeping comes and they clean our
Suites and that's very nice especially
if you live with a bunch of guys you
know there's also a bus that picks you
up right out front and drives you
straight to Santa Barbara City College
it's really easy the amenities here at
Tropicana are fantastic my personal
favorite is actually the cardio room I'm
very into fitness and they have an
elliptical they have a treadmill we have
bikes one of the major parts of
Tropicana is the rec room it's awesome
they have a lot of amenities that you
can use such as ping pong and they have
a pool table and air hockey table you
can always find people there and make
new friends I love the pool honestly the
pools heated and I just love to get in
after a long day at school and it just
feels really good just wash away your
problems I love coming home from a
stressful day of schools because right
in the middle of the quad is yoga and
I'm all too completely relaxed just to
block the way is Tropicana del Norte and
they have a tanning bed and they have a
movie theater and they also have another
pool and it's really awesome because we
have full access to everything there
I love the Tropicana cafe because it's
kind of a restaurant style feeling it's
smack dab in the middle so whenever
you're hungry to mosey on down have some
fruit there always have a couple soups
if you don't really feel like solid food
they have a salad bar that's open all
the time and personal favorite they have
Starbucks coffee and that's wonderful
for us caffeine addicted people I love
the restaurant it's it's part of my meal
plan
I can eat there as many times as I want
during the day Tropicana has an awesome
laundry room we never have to go to a
laundromat and it text you when you're
done so I totally take advantage of this
is the 24-hour study lounge it's always
dead silent in there and I'm able to get
so much work done traffic
offers tutoring five nights out of the
week we have Santa Barbara City College
certified tutors who are specializing in
biology math English pretty much any
subject that you need help in they can
offer their help Santa Barbara City
College offers a program called tag
transfer agreement guarantee it is a
program that is a agreement between us
BCC and a four-year university that you
want to transfer to as long as you meet
the university's requirements the
transfer Academy is located in the
Transfer Center which guide you through
the process of courses needed to
transfer Santa Barbara City College
offers cross enrollment as another
opportunity for Santa Barbara City
College students cross enrollment can
provide enrolled Santa Barbara City
College students with the opportunity to
enroll without formal admission to UCSB
it just has everything for the college
life for the college student it's just a
great home and family for every person
for every culture Tropicana student
living is college life through sixty
Tropicana student living is college life